[WIP] Update accessibility.md (#2859)
ILIAS-eLearning/ILIAS: docs/development/accessibility.md

In content implemented using markup languages, status messages MUST be programmatically determined through role or properties such that they can be presented to the user by assistive technologies without receiving focus.

# Accessibility Checklist 
This list is prepared to be worked thorugh by developers implementing specific projects. Results from external compliance testing may lead to adapting these phrases. Changes will be subjected to the jour fixe if compliance testing indicates they are erroneous or lacking information. We still hope the following list is helpful in everyday work, please let us know if this is not the case. 
1. Tastaturnutzbarkeit
2. Fokusverfolgung
3. HTML Elemente Überschriftenstruktur
4. Kontraste

> 5. Alt-Texte

Reviewer: Why is this in German?

## Tabbing and Focus
Please manually check your project for tabbing and focus quaility: 

1.	All functionality must be operable by tabbing or number pad arrows. (2.1.1) 
2.	Users can tab to any control, operate it, and tab away again. (2.1.2) 
3.	Keyboard focus must be always visible. The element that has focus gets a corona. (2.4.7) 

> 4.	Tabbing order must be sensible and predictable. The move of focus is following the meaning of the content and can be operated by tab. Moving focus should not jump around unpredictably. (2.4.3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.	Tabbing order must be sensible and predictable. The focus moves following the meaning of the content and can be operated by tab. Moving focus should not jump around unpredictably. (2.4.3)
```

5.	If an element gains focus it must not
	* transfer users to a different context automatically and without warning i.e. open a new window. 
	* Carry out an action automatically i.e. submit a form after a save-button received focus. 
6.      Give users advanced warning when opening a new window i.e. by using the target attribute which provides an unambiguously machine-readable indication that a new window will open. (3.2.1)
7.      Give users a submit-button to initiate change of context. 
## Structure 

> Check how your project complies to our semantic structures: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check how your project complies with our semantic structures: 
```

> 8.	Write “well formed” HTML, employ HTML according to the specification with complete start and end tags and compliant nesting. Assistive technology will crash on missing start or end tags. (4.1.1). Use [validator](https://validator.w3.org/) to verfiy, [this test case](https://testrail.ilias.de/index.php?/tests/view/44245) may be helpful.  

Author: correct attributes,

> 8.	Write “well formed” HTML, employ HTML according to the specification with complete start and end tags and compliant nesting. Assistive technology will crash on missing start or end tags. (4.1.1). Use [validator](https://validator.w3.org/) to verfiy, [this test case](https://testrail.ilias.de/index.php?/tests/view/44245) may be helpful.  

Author: nur valides HTML, der restliche Text kann weg

Reviewer 2: In case you keep it: `verfiy` → `verify`.

9.	We use aria landmarks and headlines to furnish ILIAS with semantic structures. Regions of the page and navigation are structured by aria landmarks. Content gets structured by headlines. These elements provide programmatically determinable semantic structures to convey information and relationships (1.3.1).  @Thomas: Ich brauche hier eine Sprungstelle auf das md zu den Roles.  @Michael: Ich brauche hier eine Sprungstelle zu den Headlines. 

> 10.	Make the DOM order match the visual order (1.3.2). The screen reader will the DOM aloud: When the source order matches the visual order, everyone will read the content and interact with it in the same (correct) order. Elements visually presented on the right hand-side should in the DOM be located after elements visually presented on the left-hand-side . Elements visually presented on the bottom should in the DOM be located after elements visually on the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10.	Make the DOM order match the visual order (1.3.2). The screen reader will read the DOM aloud: When the source order matches the visual order, everyone will read the content and interact with it in the same (correct) order. Elements visually presented on the right hand-side should in the DOM be located after elements visually presented on the left-hand-side . Elements visually presented on the bottom should in the DOM be located after elements visually presented on the top.
```

11.	Make sure that repeated navigational components occur in the same place and same relative order each time they appear. (3.2.3) 
## Headings and Labels and Language (Überschrift ist unpassend) 

> 12.	Our headings and labels have to be clear and descriptive (2.4.6). This does not neccessarily concern developers and can be handled by language manintainer or editorial team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12.	Our headings and labels have to be clear and descriptive (2.4.6). This does not necessarily concern developers and can be handled by language maintainer or  the editorial team. 
```

	* Provide text instructions describing the necessary input in a by-line to the field.
	* Use aria-describedby property to provide information about a user interface element. 
15.	Use the language attribute on the HTML element, if the language of the element does not match the language of the parent element. Screen readers change pronunciation accordingly. (3.1.1)
## Colour and Contrast
Please check your project for colour and contrast issues: 

16.	Use of colour as a visual cue is only ok if it is accompanied by text or shape with alt-text (1.4.1.)
17.	Ensure contrast requirements are met. Use Wave or Lighthouse to verify. 
## Alt-Texts and aria labels
Please check if your project labels the GUI for all target groups:

18.	Non-text elements like icons, images, graphs and the like must have alt-texts (1.1.1). 
19.	Glyphs are done in spans which cannot bear alt-texts but carry a link-tag, which must have an aria-label.  
20.	Use aria-label to provide an invisible label where a visible label cannot be used. (4.1.2)
21.     Ensure labeling requirements are met. Use Wave or Lighthouse to verify. 

> 

Reviewer 2: Trailing whitespace in file.
